doc: wifi: Corrections to Regulatory Testing doc (#21125)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/wifi/regulatory_certification/wifi_radio_test_sample/wifi_build_instructions.rst

**************************************************

The combined build configuration builds the binary files for the Wi-Fi Radio test that resides in the application core and the Radio test (short-range) that resides in the network core.
In the :file:`<ncs_repo>/nrf/samples/wifi/radio_test/multi_domain/prj.conf` file, set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SUPPORT_NETCORE_PERIPHERAL_RADIO_TEST` = ``y``.

> For single core targets such as nrf54l15 Dk In the :file:`<ncs_repo>/nrf/samples/wifi/radio_test/single_domain/prj.conf` file, set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SUPPORT_NETCORE_PERIPHERAL_RADIO_TEST` = ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :file:`<ncs_repo>/nrf/samples/wifi/radio_test/single_domain/prj.conf` file, set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SUPPORT_NETCORE_PERIPHERAL_RADIO_TEST` = ``y`` for single core targets such as the nRF54L15 DK.
```

.. code-block:: shell

   $ west build -p -b nrf7002dk/nrf5340/cpuapp (DK build)
   $ west build -p -b nrf7002dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek (EK build)

The following HEX files are generated:

* Combined HEX file: :file:`build/zephyr/merged_domains.hex`
* APP core HEX file: :file:`build/zephyr/merged.hex`
* NET core HEX file: :file:`build/peripheral_radio_test/zephyr/merged_CPUNET.hex`

.. note::

>    Combined build for Radio test and Wi-Fi Radio test is not supported with nrf7002ek due to ...

Reviewer: The sentence is incomplete.
```suggestion
   Combined build for Radio test (short-range) and Wi-Fi Radio test is not supported with nRF7002 EK due to ...
```

>    Combined build for Radio test (short-range) and Wi-Fi Radio test is not supported with nRF7002 EK due to ...

Author: Hi @bama-nordic need suggestion here.
